c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Saxo\Saxo\bin\Saxo.dll.config
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Saxo\Saxo\bin\Saxo.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Saxo\Saxo\bin\Saxo.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Saxo\Saxo\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Saxo\Saxo\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Saxo\Saxo\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Saxo\Saxo\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Saxo\Saxo\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Saxo\Saxo\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Saxo\Saxo\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Saxo\Saxo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Saxo\Saxo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Saxo\Saxo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Saxo\Saxo\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Saxo\Saxo\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Saxo\Saxo\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Saxo\Saxo\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Saxo\Saxo\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Saxo\Saxo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Saxo\Saxo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Saxo\Saxo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Saxo\Saxo\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Saxo\Saxo\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Saxo\Saxo\obj\Debug\Saxo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Saxo\Saxo\obj\Debug\Saxo.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Saxo\Saxo\obj\Debug\Saxo.pdb
D:\Study\Saxo\Saxo\Saxo\bin\Saxo.dll.config
D:\Study\Saxo\Saxo\Saxo\bin\Saxo.dll
D:\Study\Saxo\Saxo\Saxo\bin\Saxo.pdb
D:\Study\Saxo\Saxo\Saxo\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\Study\Saxo\Saxo\Saxo\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\Study\Saxo\Saxo\Saxo\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Study\Saxo\Saxo\Saxo\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\Study\Saxo\Saxo\Saxo\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Study\Saxo\Saxo\Saxo\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\Study\Saxo\Saxo\Saxo\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\Study\Saxo\Saxo\Saxo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\Study\Saxo\Saxo\Saxo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\Study\Saxo\Saxo\Saxo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\Study\Saxo\Saxo\Saxo\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\Study\Saxo\Saxo\Saxo\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\Study\Saxo\Saxo\Saxo\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Study\Saxo\Saxo\Saxo\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
D:\Study\Saxo\Saxo\Saxo\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\Study\Saxo\Saxo\Saxo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\Study\Saxo\Saxo\Saxo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\Study\Saxo\Saxo\Saxo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\Study\Saxo\Saxo\Saxo\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
D:\Study\Saxo\Saxo\Saxo\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Study\Saxo\Saxo\Saxo\obj\Debug\Saxo.dll
D:\Study\Saxo\Saxo\Saxo\obj\Debug\Saxo.pdb
D:\Study\Saxo\Saxo\Saxo\obj\Debug\Saxo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Study\Saxo\Saxo\Saxo\bin\MongoDB.Bson.dll
D:\Study\Saxo\Saxo\Saxo\bin\MongoDB.Driver.dll
D:\Study\Saxo\Saxo\Saxo\bin\MongoDB.Bson.xml
D:\Study\Saxo\Saxo\Saxo\bin\MongoDB.Driver.xml
